>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So what we could
do is, and this is where we'll
introduce another structural directive,
is that in our project title here,what
we can do is let's introduce and
ngIf
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
I do span,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: ngIF,
and let's just say,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If there is,
and actually I apologize.
Let me go down here,
I'm in the wrong block here.
Here we are, let's do this.
So we'll go, we're at this in a span.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And then we're
going to attach ngIf to this, so span.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: ngIf, and we're just
gonna say if there is a selectedProject,
let's go ahead and do this.
And so if selectedProject exists,
then this is going to show.
So you can actually take
the safe navigation operator off.
So one thing or common technique,
generally, if I look at a template and
there's just a turn of safe navigation
operators, like does this exist and
does this exist?
I think that is kind of a sign that
maybe you should do a higher level
like does this thing even exist,
if so then I'll show it.
So this is a way to kind of
keep from [INAUDIBLE] with some
super verbose kind of DOM.
I'll duplicate this line
because we can say, well,
if it doesn't exist then let's just go
select project, or select a project.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay, save this.
We'll go here, select a project.
Selected.
So if we go down here,
what we really wanna do
is if it doesn't exist,
we wanna show something else.
So we wrap it in an ng-template and
then notice that we have this thing,
it's an else block.
But more importantly,
what is this right here?
So what this allows you to do is
it's a local template variable,
is that you can by using the pound sign,
you can create a variable
that references the element
that this is on.
So here we can go,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: else.
Was it elseif?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's else.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here elseBlock.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
So this is, I believe, a lot cleaner
than just stacking a bunch of like NgIfs
turning it on and
say if it's this or this.
And so let me just summarize
what's happened here.
So, we took ngIf and we are saying
instead of adding another ngIf for
the else clause,
that we are going to go else and
then we're gonna say instead show
this block here, else block.
You would call this whatever you want.
And then within a ng-template we
are putting the code that we wanna see.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
then from here, elseBlock, and so
this is how we're saying,
if it's this, show what's in here.
If not, take this content right here,
and project it into here.
And you're referencing it,
you're connecting it via this
local template reference.